About Student Management Software (SMS) : 
The software has been developed as a part of the School 
Project of the Developers. Though the topic is one of 
the most Poplar Project Topics among the school 
children, yet it has been selected because of its 
simplicity in concept. 

Message From The Developers : 
Though, the Project Topic exists every year, but this 
time it is Very Special. Actually, Our aim was, the 
development of an interface which is user-friendly, 
as well as attractive. 

Help : 
To exit Help press "Esc". 
Throughout the program, you will find a row to the 
bottom of the window in light-gray color which indicates 
the various actions that can be used in the window. 
In general "Esc" key is for moving back to the previous 
screen, while "Enter/Return" is for activating the 
choice on which the cursor is placed. 
You can use the Cursor(Arrow) Keys for navigation through 
the screen, while in some places "Tab" can also be used 
to navigate through the choices. 
In the Credits window press any key to return back to 
Main Menu. 

You can register as an Individual Teacher or on-behalf 
of your Institution. You can create classes as per the 
necessity and also sub-classes (like sections in school). 
After login, you can change the interface color from 
Settings page, view your details, etc. 

NOTE FOR USERS : 
Due to technical limitations, you can not customize the 
number of sujects each student has but can customize the 
Subject Names. The default number of subjects is 5. 
At times text may be wrapped to adjust to the screen size. 
Do not forget to Save your data before logging-out as 
else modifications will not be saved. 

NOTE FOR DEVELOPERS : 
If you wish to get the Source Code of the Software, 
Press "Ctrl+D" at the main menu screen, which will load 
the developer environment, from where you can generate 
the source code after providing the Developer Password. 
You are allowed to modify the source code to suit your 
need, but please note that after modification you need to 
generate a new application yourself as the present 
application will not implement the changes. 
If in case, you do not have the Developer Password, you 
can request the password by getting in touch with us at 
" softtechnetwork@gmail.com " . 
If you encounter an Error like 
" Necessay Source File(s) Missing ", 
you can download the source files form 
" http://www.softtechnet.webege.com ". 

Thank You,
Developers.